ML flow, base station, and general housekeeping updates (#68)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/design/3_1_2_platform_management.tex

\end{itemize} 

\subsubsection{Data Flow}
\label{pmb_dataflow}

> The overall data flow managed by the Platform Management Board is as follows:

Reviewer: Conver to active voice

\begin{enumerate}

> \item A video frame ($640px \times 480px$) is acquired through the camera CSI interface

Reviewer: Convert to active voice

\item Frame manipulation/correction is performed on the frame, if required by the specific machine learning use-case. For the YOLOv2 accelerator (described in Section \ref{ml_accel}), images sent to the Zedboard are letterboxed to $416px \times 416px$ to adhere to ML IP block restrictions.
\item The letterboxed frame is decomposed and transmitted over Ethernet to the programmable logic board (which performs the machine learning)
\begin{enumerate}

> \item While waiting for the machine learning results, the PMB sends full-resolution ($640px \times 480px$) frames to the Base Station -- allowing for higher "background" framerates rather than tying framerates to ML results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item While waiting for the machine learning results, the PMB sends full-resolution ($640px \times 480px$) frames to the Base Station --- allowing for higher ``background" framerate rather than tying framerate to ML results.
```

\end{enumerate}
\item Machine learning results are received via Ethernet
\item Full-resolution video, ML results, and system status information is transmitted via WiFi to the base station
\item Results and video are additionally stored locally on non-volatile storage for post-flight analysis\footnote{This functionality was foregone due to COVID-19 imposed time constraints. There are no functional restrictions for this to be accomplished, however without a comprehensive interface to facilitate easy retrieval of footage (which would require significant development effort), it is easier for the client to record the web-app directly.}
\end{enumerate}

All operations are managed by the ARM Cortex A72 chip running a headless version of the Raspbian operating system. 

> With the provided ML accelerator implementation (described in Section \ref{plb_sec}), the delay visible to the PMB between ML request issuance and reply (steps 3 and 4) is approximately two seconds. If the detected objects and/or the multirotor are moving at a sufficient speed, this results in the detection bounding boxes 'trailing' the objects in the live video by approximately two seconds. To resolve this issue, the user may select to configure the system to operate on a "tape-delay" basis. In this configuration, the live video is delayed by an equal amount of time as it takes for the ML results to be generated. While this provides results which are better matched to the video displayed to the user, the added video delay may be disorienting if the video feed is used for flying the multirotor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the provided ML accelerator implementation (described in Section \ref{plb_sec}), the delay visible to the PMB between ML request issuance and reply (steps 3 and 4) is approximately two seconds. Excess speed in the motions of the multirotor and/or the detected objects will result in the detection bounding boxes \textit{trailing} the objects in the live video by approximately two seconds. To resolve this issue, the user may configure the system to operate on a ``tape-delay" basis. In this configuration, the live video is delayed by an equal amount of time as it takes for the ML results to be generated. While this provides results which are better matched to the video displayed to the user, the added video delay may be disorienting if the video feed is used for flying the multirotor. The user should not rely on the this video footage to attempt to control the multirotor.
```
